About this course
Learn Python like a Professional! Start from the basics and go all the way to creating your own applications and games!

By the numbers
Skill level: All Levels
Students: 501418
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 186
Video: 24 hours
FeaturesAvailable on iOS and Android
Coding Exercises
Certificate of Completion
Description
Become a Python Programmer and learn one of employer's most requested skills of 2018!

This is the most comprehensive, yet straight-forward, course for the Python programming language on Udemy! Whether you have never programmed before, already know basic syntax, or want to learn about the advanced features of Python, this course is for you! In this course we will teach you Python 3. (Note, we also provide older Python 2 notes in case you need them)

With over 100 lectures and more than 20 hours of video this comprehensive course leaves no stone unturned! This course includes quizzes, tests, and homework assignments as well as 3 major projects to create a Python project portfolio!

This course will teach you Python in a practical manner, with every lecture comes a full coding screencast and a corresponding code notebook! Learn in whatever manner is best for you!

We will start by helping you get Python installed on your computer, regardless of your operating system, whether its Linux, MacOS, or Windows, we've got you covered!

We cover a wide variety of topics, including:

Command Line Basics
Installing Python
Running Python Code
Strings
Lists 
Dictionaries
Tuples
Sets
Number Data Types
Print Formatting
Functions
Scope
args/kwargs
Built-in Functions
Debugging and Error Handling
Modules
External Modules
Object Oriented Programming
Inheritance
Polymorphism
File I/O
Advanced Methods
Unit Tests
and much more!
You will get lifetime access to over 100 lectures plus corresponding Notebooks for the lectures! 

This course comes with a 30 day money back guarantee! If you are not satisfied in any way, you'll get your money back. Plus you will keep access to the Notebooks as a thank you for trying out the course!

So what are you waiting for? Learn Python in a way that will advance your career and increase your knowledge, all in a fun and practical way!

What you’ll learn
Learn to use Python professionally, learning both Python 2 and Python 3!
Create games with Python, like Tic Tac Toe and Blackjack!
Learn advanced Python features, like the collections module and how to work with timestamps!
Learn to use Object Oriented Programming with classes!
Understand complex topics, like decorators.
Understand how to use both the Jupyter Notebook and create .py files
Get an understanding of how to create GUIs in the Jupyter Notebook system!
Build a complete understanding of Python from the ground up!
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
Access to a computer with an internet connection.
Who this course is for:
Beginners who have never programmed before.
Programmers switching languages to Python.
Intermediate Python programmers who want to level up their skills!
